Feature/#66 (#75)
courselab/snaskii21: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Building the source code](#building)
- [Communication Language](#language)
- [Versions](#versions)

## <a name="general-information"></a> General information

TextTron Snake is free software distributed under GNU GPL vr.3.
In order to check the license specification give a look to the [license file](https://github.com/courselab/snaskii21/blob/develop/COPYING).
Moreover, for checking the authors of the project, you can visit the [authors file](https://github.com/courselab/snaskii21/blob/develop/AUTHORS.md).

## <a name="questions"></a> Got any questions?

Please do not open new issues on the GitHub repository in order to make questions about the project.
Instead, please feel free to send messages directly to the contributors of the project.

How should you make questions? Be direct and clear. Every body has limited time, making questions that goes straight makes it easier to answer.

## <a name="found-bug"></a> Found a bug?
If you find a bug in the source code, you can help us by [submitting an issue](#submission-guidelines) to our [Github Repository](https://github.com/courselab/snaskii21). Even better, you can submit a Pull Request with a fix.

> As a team, we work to fix all the issues as soon as possible, but before we do that, we need to be able to reproduce and confirm it. In order to reproduce bugs, we require that you provide a minimal reproduction. Having that enables us to go straight to the right problem, and do not require a lot of chatting to understand where the bug is.

Reviewer: Just some simple changes to make it more readable :)

```suggestion
As a team, we work to fix all the issues as soon as possible, but before we do that, we need to be able to reproduce and confirm it. In order to reproduce bugs, we require that you provide a description on how to reproduce it. That enables us to go straight to the problem, and does not require wasting time exchanging information.
```

    If you have forked the repository, you should read the github docs page on [Configuring a remote for a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork). That is a way to configure a remote that points to the upstream repository in Git and always be aware of the changes inside courselab.

    In summary, you must specify a new remote *upstream* repository to be synced with the fork:

    ```
    $ git remote add upstream https://github.com/courselab/snaskii21
    ```

    And then you can use the `git pull` command to update your fork with the changes from the upstream repository:

    ```
    $ git pull upstream develop
    ```

## <a name="commit-messages"></a> Commit messages

We have simple rule over how our Git commit messages must be formatted. This format leads to easier to read commit history later on.

Each commit message should be written in the following format:

```
<tag>: <short-summary>
  │          │
  │          └─> Summary in present tense. Not capitalized. No period at the end.
  │

>   └─> Commit tag: bug|critical|doc|dup|easy|feature|help|invalid|other|src|wontfix

Reviewer: I think `critical` and `easy` only make sense as issues tags. What you think?

```suggestion
  └─> Commit tag: bug|doc|dup|feature|help|invalid|other|src|wontfix
```
